chore: Router addresses (#191)
worldcoin/world-id-docs: src/pages/advanced/on-chain.mdx

    // We now verify the provided proof is valid and the user is verified by World ID
    worldId.verifyProof(
        root,

>         1, // Or 0 if the user is Phone Verified

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        1, // Or `0` if you want to check for phone verification only
```

## Network support

The World ID protocol currently lives in the Polygon network, and the verification router contract is deployed at `polygon.worldcoin.eth` on Polygon mainnet and `mumbai.id.worldcoin.eth` on Polygon Mumbai testnet.

We will very soon be launching the World ID protocol on Ethereum mainnet and Optimism, and will update this documentation accordingly.

## Smart Contract Verifications

As an alternative to verifying proofs with the Developer Portal, proofs can be verified by directly calling the smart contract on-chain. This is a tradeoff that applications may want to make to not rely on a centralized API. Keep in mind that the current batch of registered users can take anywhere from 5-30 minutes to be posted on-chain, so there is a delay associated with these smart contract based calls.

The World ID Verification Router contracts are deployed to Polygon Mainnet and the Mumbai testnet. The contract addresses are:

### Mainnet

> -   Verification Router: [polygon.id.worldcoin.eth](https://polygonscan.com/address/0x515f06b36e6d3b707eaecbded18d8b384944c87f)

Author: these are the addresses given to us by jakub two days ago in slack

> -   Verification Router: [polygon.id.worldcoin.eth](https://polygonscan.com/address/0x515f06b36e6d3b707eaecbded18d8b384944c87f)

Author: gonna merge this, we can always change later if there is a better address to use. these are the most recent addresses we've been given and they look properly verified on polygonscan
